com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/customview/ResultsView.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.customview.ResultsView
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$2$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$2$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$4
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$5
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.MainActivity$6
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ResponseActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ResponseActivity
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/UserModify.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify$1$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify$1$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify$2$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify$2$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserModify$3
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/FoodListAdapter.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.FoodListAdapter
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ViewItems.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$2$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$2$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$2$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$4
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$4$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$4$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$4$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$5
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$6
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$6$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$6$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewItems$6$3
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/DbHelper.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.DbHelper
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AdminActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AdminActivity
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AdminActivity$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/env/BorderedText.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.env.BorderedText
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/OverWeight.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.OverWeight
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.OverWeight$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.OverWeight$2
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/env/Logger.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.env.Logger
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/tracking/MultiBoxTracker.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.tracking.MultiBoxTracker
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$TrackedRecognition
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ChangePassword.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ChangePassword
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ChangePassword$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AddFoodActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AddFoodActivity
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AddFoodActivity$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AddFoodActivity$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AddFoodActivity$3
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/DieticianActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.DieticianActivity
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.LoginActivity$3
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/FeedBackActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.FeedBackActivity
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/SendResponse.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.SendResponse
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.SendResponse$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.SendResponse$2
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/CameraActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraActivity
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraActivity$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraActivity$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraActivity$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraActivity$4
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraActivity$5
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/customview/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.customview.AutoFitTextureView
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.RegisterActivity
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.RegisterActivity$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/Response.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.Response
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/env/Size.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.env.Size
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/CameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$4
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$5
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$CompareSizesByArea
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$ConnectionCallback
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/Obese.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.Obese
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.Obese$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.Obese$2
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/FeedBackListAdapter.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.FeedBackListAdapter
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.FeedBackListAdapter$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ResponseListAdapter.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ResponseListAdapter
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ResponseListAdapter$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ForgotPassword.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ForgotPassword
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ForgotPassword$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ViewFoodListAdapter.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewFoodListAdapter
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewFoodListAdapter$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/User.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.User
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/Food.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.Food
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ViewFoodActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ViewFoodActivity
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.BuildConfig
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/customview/RecognitionScoreView.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.customview.RecognitionScoreView
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/tflite/Classifier.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.tflite.Classifier
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.tflite.Classifier$Recognition
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/DetectorActivity.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.DetectorActivity
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.DetectorActivity$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.DetectorActivity$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.DetectorActivity$2$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.DetectorActivity$2$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.DetectorActivity$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.DetectorActivity$DetectorMode
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/FeedBack.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.FeedBack
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/LegacyCameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/ImageFilePath.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.ImageFilePath
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/tflite/TFLiteObjectDetectionAPIModel.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.tflite.TFLiteObjectDetectionAPIModel
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/UserListAdapter.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserListAdapter
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.UserListAdapter$1
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/DietPlan.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.DietPlan
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.DietPlan$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.DietPlan$2
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/NormalWeight.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.NormalWeight
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.NormalWeight$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.NormalWeight$2
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/customview/OverlayView.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.customview.OverlayView
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.customview.OverlayView$DrawCallback
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/AIFood/env/ImageUtils.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.AIFood.env.ImageUtils
com/example/diet/androiddieticianapp/fooditemupdate.java
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.fooditemupdate
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.fooditemupdate$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.fooditemupdate$2
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.fooditemupdate$3
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.fooditemupdate$4
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.fooditemupdate$4$1
 com.example.diet.androiddieticianapp.fooditemupdate$4$2
